Update cluster autoscaler addon documentation for newly added flags (#1714)
kubermatic/docs: content/kubeone/main/guides/autoscaler-addon/_index.en.md

If you wish to change some of the properties, such as timeout for scaling up/down, you’ll need to provide the appropriate command-line flags to cluster-autoscaler. For that, you’ll need to override the cluster-autoscaler addon embedded in the KubeOne binary with your addon.

To find out how to override embedded add-ons, please check the [Addons document][embedded-addons].

> If you are facing issue similar to the one described over [here][enforce-node-group-min-size] in the [Cluster Autoscaler FAQ][ca-faq], pass down the param `CLUSTER_AUTOSCALER_ENFORCE_NODE_GROUP_MIN_SIZE` to the cluster autoscaler addon as shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're facing an issue where your [cluster is below the minimum or above the maximum number of nodes, but the cluster-autoscaler is not fixing it][ca-faq], you need to pass down the `CLUSTER_AUTOSCALER_ENFORCE_NODE_GROUP_MIN_SIZE` parameter to the cluster-autoscaler addon as shown below:
```

Author: done!

```yaml
apiVersion: kubeone.k8c.io/v1beta2
kind: KubeOneCluster
versions:
  kubernetes: '1.29.4'   ## kubernetes version
cloudProvider:  ## This field is sourced automatically if terraform is used for the cluster
  aws: {}
addons:
  enable: true
  addons:
  - name: cluster-autoscaler
    params:
      CLUSTER_AUTOSCALER_ENFORCE_NODE_GROUP_MIN_SIZE: "true"
```

> If you are facing issue similar to the one described over [here][balance-similar-node-groups] in the [Cluster Autoscaler FAQ][ca-faq], pass down the param `CLUSTER_AUTOSCALER_BALANCE_SIMILAR_NODE_GROUP` to the cluster autoscaler addon as shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're running a cluster with nodes in the multiple zones for the HA purposes, consider setting the `CLUSTER_AUTOSCALER_BALANCE_SIMILAR_NODE_GROUP` parameter to `true` as shown below. For more information about this parameter, check the [Cluster Autoscaler FAQ][balance-similar-node-groups].
```

Reviewer: Additionally, to make it easier to follow the document, maybe we should provide just one YAML example with both arguments set, eventually with a comment that you can remove the parameter that you don't need.

Author: done!

```yaml
apiVersion: kubeone.k8c.io/v1beta2
kind: KubeOneCluster
versions:
  kubernetes: '1.29.4'   ## kubernetes version
cloudProvider:  ## This field is sourced automatically if terraform is used for the cluster
  aws: {}
addons:
  enable: true
  addons:
  - name: cluster-autoscaler
    params:
      CLUSTER_AUTOSCALER_BALANCE_SIMILAR_NODE_GROUP: "true"

> ```

Reviewer: Can we put this in the step 1 instead, in an information or a warning block? This step is more about modifying the cluster-autoscaler itself (i.e. YAML manifests), but this is more about additionally configuring the cluster-autoscaler addon.

Author: fixed!

[embedded-addons]: {{< ref "../../guides/addons/#overriding-embedded-eddons" >}}
[ca-faq]: https://github.com/kubernetes/autoscaler/blob/master/cluster-autoscaler/FAQ.md
[ca-faq-what-is]: https://github.com/kubernetes/autoscaler/blob/master/cluster-autoscaler/FAQ.md#what-is-cluster-autoscaler
[enforce-node-group-min-size]: https://github.com/kubernetes/autoscaler/blob/master/cluster-autoscaler/FAQ.md#my-cluster-is-below-minimum--above-maximum-number-of-nodes-but-ca-did-not-fix-that-why

> [balance-similar-node-groups]: https://github.com/kubernetes/autoscaler/blob/master/cluster-autoscaler/FAQ.md#im-running-cluster-with-nodes-in-multiple-zones-for-ha-purposes-is-that-supported-by-cluster-autoscaler

Reviewer: Can you instead use permalinks here?

Author: done!
